Let's deploy a Streamlit web app together.
I built the Streamlit web app as a UI to surface my machine learning model, so now let's deploy
it so our non-technical stakeholders can use this model super easily.
I like using Connect Cloud because of how simple it is.
My background is in data science, and I want to make deployment as easy as possible, and
Connect Cloud is doing exactly that.
All you have to do is log in using your existing GitHub account, select the repository where
you built your application, make sure you've uploaded your requirements.txt file in the
repository so Connect Cloud knows exactly what packages to install when running your app,
then you click deploy.
It only takes a few minutes to spin up, and then your application is live and ready for
use.
Connect Cloud can also double as your personal portfolio, so make sure you're uploading all
of your projects here.
Leave any questions in the comments below, and follow along for more data science content.
Bye!